now president biden has announced that
the u.s secretary of state anthony
blinken
is heading to the middle east to build
on the ceasefire between the israelis
and hamas and to lay the groundwork for
an eventual resumption of peace talks
mr blinken's visit comes as both sides
count the cost of the recent conflict
uh the lives of more than 250 people
most of them
in gaza our middle east editor jeremy
bowen has been to a palestinian
community near betanun where a young man
and seven children were killed
their families blame an israeli strike
but the israelis say the likelihood
is that they were killed by a
palestinian rocket
a warning that jeremy's report does
contain some distressing images
it's not big enough to have a proper
name locally this place is called
the end of masuridine street it could be
idyllic
but this is gaza around 800 meters from
the boundary wire with israel
[Music]
on the 10th of may the first day of the
war at around 6
30 in the evening it turned into a small
corner
of hell
you can hear the shock as he says god is
greatest
that's why and then
children children
then martyr and massacre
[Music]
lays his dead seven-year-old son marwan
next to the body of his other boy
ibrahim who was 11.
in all seven children and a young man of
21 were killed
this is yusuf al-masri like all the
bereaved parents he said the dead were
martyrs for jerusalem
killed by israel he accepted condolences
the traditional way
his brother still wounded in hospital
had three children killed
muhammad yusuf's surviving son said
nothing
and just listened to
their homes were shelled during 11 days
of war by then the community had fled
israel says it has no record of a strike
at the time of that first attack
it says its assessment is that a
palestinian rocket
aimed at israel dropped short of its
target
the family showed a shrapnel they said
was from the bomb
independent experts who've seen these
photos say
they're fragments of air-dropped
precision munitions
not palestinian rockets the two sides
will not agree are you doing it
okay another family in the village is
mourning a son
ibrahim has a name who was 16. his
father said israel broke their hearts
and made them hate their lives
when they took his boy
ibrahim was working to pay for him to
study to be a doctor
the women were in the garden never
leaving ibrahim's mother
alone with her grief
more people arrived to offer condolences
palestinians
don't believe israel's insistence that
it works hard
not to kill civilians warning them to
get out before
some raids like the one that destroyed
this part of betanun
as in the previous rounds of fighting
between israel and hamas
the ceasefire is a pause
the conflict is not just unresolved it
is not even
frozen jeremy bowen bbc news
gaza the plight of
one palestinian community in gaza that
was our middle east editor
jeremy bowen